Readme.md

READ ME

Triangle Color Chroma Book

This is an incomplete prototype. The project purpose is to build a triangular color grid showing color swatches organized by descending chroma. The triangular layout provides the ability to choose colors that coordinate together.

The concept for this color chroma interface is inspired from witnessing a lecture by Professor Garo Antreasian at the University of New Mexico.* Garo Antreasian brought a book produced by Disney Studios designed as a tool to select coordinated colors.

Garo's Disney book comprised pages of color chips in pockets, organized by hue and chroma, to be used to select coordinated colors.

The triangles are juxtaposed with cool colors on one side, warm colors of the other side. A black-to-white strip of grays are centered in the middle. By drawing a line across the triangles, at angles, horizontally, or vertically, colors can be selected that work well together. See the images in the asset folder.

This color selection system was used at Disney to paint cells for their classic hand-painted feature films.

This project is intended to recreate Garo's Disney color chip book in digital format as a tool to select color groupings, and as a guide to build design systems.


*https://tamarind.unm.edu/artist/garo-antreasian/


 - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - – - –

CURRENT STATUS:

This is an incomplete first-pass layout. The color variations from red are modified using the HSLA custom properties in the CSS.

The text in the cards that list HEX, RGB and HSL codes are static text. The codes are inaccurate and should be ignored. Color hue variations are generated by modifying the hue value in HSLA custom properties. The custom properties HSLA values are correct and are only accessible in  the CSS style sheet.

PROJECT NEXT STEPS:

The plan is to convert the static layout into a template combined with a data API to print the color codes. A slider to adjust hue and update the color code data will be most excellent. Traditionally the colors are transposed with warm colors on one side and cool colors on the other side. Colors might also work on either side. Various colors may be juxtaposed in a SPA interface.

I am looking for a color database to work with. If you would like to contribute ideas or coding to this project please contact me. I'd love to work with you.







